# crDroid build target list
# <device> <build_type> <auto-upload> <upload-recovery>
a73xq user yes yes
beryllium userdebug yes yes
cheeseburger user yes no
clover userdebug yes no
courbet user yes yes
dumpling user yes no
guacamole userdebug yes yes
kebab userdebug yes yes
lemonade userdebug yes yes
lemonadep userdebug yes yes
lancelot userdebug yes yes
lunaa userdebug yes yes
m52xq user yes yes
mars userdebug yes yes
miatoll userdebug yes yes
PL2 userdebug yes yes
sagit user yes yes
salami userdebug yes yes
stone userdebug yes yes
surya user yes yes
sweet userdebug yes yes
vayu userdebug yes yes
venus userdebug yes yes
zippo user yes yes
